Docs: Adding link from TypeScript overview to update guide. (#13836)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/installation/working-with-typescript.md

Using TypeScript is just an option. If you don't need its features, you can continue using CKEditor 5 in JavaScript.
</info-box>

<info-box warning>

> Since version `37.0.0` CKEditor 5 has built-in type definitions. If you have used type definitions created by the community, you will need to replace them with native types. {@link updating/update-to-37 Check the guide}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with the v37.0.0 release, CKEditor 5 has built-in type definitions. If you used type definitions created by the community, you will need to replace them with native types. Check the {@link updating/update-to-37 Update to v37.0.0} guide.
```
